hi Becca hey Claire good to see you
where were you this weekend what we
talked about taking in a movie on
Saturday remember but you never came
over oh right sorry about that Claire is
something bothering you it's okay you
don't have to share if you don't want to
well you know we just found out Aaron's
going to college yes I was sad all
weekend I'm really going to miss Aaron
really yes he's such a good friend but
you have a boyfriend
I know Graham is great but but what do
you like Aaron better than Graham would
you rather date Aaron oh I didn't mean
that
Claire can I ask you something sure what
don't you like about Aaron what Aaron's
a great guy I like him a lot
then why don't you want to date him I
don't know I never thought about that
before oh I prefer older guys anyway I
don't think Aaron is interested in me hi
Becca hi Claire
oh hi Aaron we were just talking about
you oh really yes I'm excited for you
about going to college
yes we'll miss you but I know this is
the best thing for you I guess so will
you miss Becca too miss Becca why Becca
are you going somewhere maybe I might
move to Atlanta to work at net cafe
headquarters really Wow don't you like
working here I do
of course I dislike something
about it too well that will be true of
any job right but I don't want to work
here forever I understand and you could
probably learn a lot at headquarters
true but will I like it
I'm not sure you prefer working with
customers or in an office I don't know I
never worked in an office oh I'd rather
work with customers I don't like sitting
at a desk all day that's one difference
between you and me
you'll spend lots of time at a desk in
college Aaron true hey Becca if you
leave can I manage the net cafe
hi guys hi Rita can I help you
no I just needed five minutes away from
work just can be really serious
sometimes I know what you mean
maybe Brazil would be nice Greg I
thought we weren't telling people yet
telling people what oh nothing
why do you two look so nervous nervous
we're not nervous what is going on do
you want to tell her or should I tell
her you tell her I think you should then
why did you ask if I should guys one of
you had better tell me or I will be very
disappointed
okay will tell you Wildlife magazine
offered Greg a job in Brazil what
I sent them pictures from our trip I
just hoped they'd like them and they did
that's great Greg but do you two really
want to live in Brazil it would be a big
change I've never thought of leaving the
US but it would be an adventure and you
know I like a good adventure we're not
sure if we're going or not I don't want
to play anymore I hate this game what's
wrong Aaron don't worry about it Nick
it's not important are you sure I want
to go to college but I still have so
many questions to answer
like what like how will I pay for
college yes that will be hard and there
are other questions too what are you
going to do I don't know sometimes I
want to give up that's how I felt when
the band broke up but then Becca told us
not to give up and now we have a great
band right well then I guess I shouldn't
give up right hey Rita there's something
wrong yes
we just got fired what are you kidding
no well we didn't really get fired Rita
we were let go yeah
that's just a nice way to say you're
fired
I can't believe it both of you were
fired I mean let go on the same day yeah
what's going on there isn't enough money
in our school districts budget so they
had to fire many of the music PE and art
teachers that's terrible
they can't treat you like that I'm so
sorry this happened to you too
what are you going to do now I have no
idea
I do you do what pray pray yes this God
for help
hello Greg hi Scott hey I'm sorry you
lost your job at the school well it's
not fun being laid off but it's okay
it's great you can say that I know I'd
be upset if I were you I was yesterday
but not today is Liz here I want to tell
you both my good news sure she's in the
back
hey Liz yes
hi Scott how are you doing wonderful
really come on Scott be honest how are
you really doing great Scott said he has
some good news to tell us last night I
went home and prayed like Jeff said I
should I felt better after that that's
good then this morning I got a call from
my University basketball coach he asked
me if I needed a job how did he know you
needed a job he didn't know his
assistant coach just quit and he needs a
new one ASAP
Wow what did you say I said yes I need a
job and I love being a coach so it's
perfect when do you start well I can't
move before January I have to sell the
health nut and you're moving yes why do
you have to move because my university
is in Canada Canada Oh Scott you have so
many friends here are you sure you want
to move yeah you could work full time as
a health nut and maybe get a coaching
job in Tampa thanks but this coaching
job is a great opportunity for me I
think I should take it we'll miss you
man hi Nick oh are you here for your art
lesson yes isn't it today I think so
mom probably forgot though again well
she has a good excuse this time she got
fired yesterday fired no way yeah
I'm worried about her she's been in her
room I
since she found out is she thinking
about what she's gonna do for a living
now I guess so
she doesn't need to work for a living
dad makes enough money hey maybe she
could be a full-time artist you know
sell her paintings and stuff that's not
a bad idea what would you do if you were
her I'd say I'm glad I don't have to
work anymore now I have more time to
spend with my wonderful daughter you
would mom are you okay
I am actually I think losing my job
could be a good opportunity for me
what do you mean mrs. Gibson now that
I've lost my job I can do whatever I
want now I'm thinking about the future
that's great mom
Thanks and when I think of the future it
makes me think of dreams I've had in the
past what's so funny mom well you know
how people sometimes ask you what do you
want to be when you grow up yeah well
when I was your age I had some
interesting answers to that question
like what yeah mrs. Gibson well I
thought it would be fun to be a famous
art teacher on TV really that would be
cool you do a great job mrs. Gibson I'd
watch your show thanks you too but that
was just a dream
what other dreams did you have when you
were our age well actually I wanted to
be a supermodel a supermodel sure why
not
that really was just a dream Oh what are
you really going to
well did you see the for sale sign at
Beauty and the Beast yeah I'm thinking
about buying the store
Jeff just told me you lost your job I'm
so sorry
Thank You Mia but I need okay Rita Thank
You Mia mom's not sad she's okay yeah
she's thinking about becoming the new
owner of Beauty and the Beast you are no
I am thinking about buying the store and
turning it into something different
cool an art store that would be fun
well I would want my art to be in the
store but if not an art store then what
would you turn it into I know an ice
cream shop that way we could have ice
cream whenever we want I don't think so
hey you could open a hobby shop yeah you
enjoy collecting things a hobby shop
would be perfect well it looks like I
have some good ideas to think about
thanks everyone
thanks for helping me clear the table
I'll do the dishes later sure how is
your foot Aaron it still hurts I hurt my
foot when we were in the Amazon really I
couldn't walk for an afternoon only an
afternoon
Aaron hasn't walked all day he just sits
there and watches TV you want me to walk
fine here's another ice pack I'm sorry I
didn't believe you hurt your foot
that's okay Becca sometimes we don't
treat each other very well
but you're still my big sister and
you're still my little brother you're
not a bad kid thanks sis you know what
what a lot of my friends think you're
pretty I don't want your friends to like
me don't worry I tell them about all of
our fights they know you can be both
nice and and what well I understand I
guess we both need to work on our
relationship you're right
so how can we have a better relationship
we should try to understand each other
you're right
and we shouldn't tell each other what to
do okay so now that we've talked I want
to be honest about what I didn't really
hurt my foot
what but now I feel really sorry I just
don't like it when you tell me what to
do
so you lied about your foot yes sorry
I'm sorry too
I think I'll go wash the dishes now
thank you
Wow are you two going to eat all that
food Aaron no some of me as friends from
work are coming over their families live
far away that's nice of you to invite
them for Thanksgiving well Thanksgiving
is a time to think about our blessings
and we should share those blessings with
others yeah you're really quiet are you
feeling okay
yes but Jeff won't let me do anything
well honey you're pregnant you need to
rest
I'm not tired honey no but I'm going to
get ready for dinner
what's wrong with Mia yeah she's usually
pretty happy well she's pregnant her
mood changes a lot oh okay well we
better go see you later happy turkey day
bye
hi thanks for coming how are you feeling
tired
yes but I'm happy good I know I was
really moody earlier I'm sorry it's okay
I'm glad we talked about our blessings
during dinner
it helped me remember everything I'm
grateful for me too I'm thankful for you
Mia I can't thank you enough for making
that wonderful dinner everyone really
enjoyed it no problem thank you for
being good and letting me do everything
it wasn't easy but I know you're just
taking care of baby and me that's right
remember you need to let other people
help you you I say that a lot don't I I
really appreciate you being so patient
with me lately it's okay I know being
pregnant isn't easy how can I ever thank
you for carrying our baby I'm glad too
you're really getting excited about this
baby too
aren't you I am when I'm not in a bad
mood but I won't be moody forever
no that's what I'm most thankful for
what are you three cheering about you're
very loud I can hear you in my office
sorry Rita we're playing a game on the
computer Jeff shouldn't you be working
oh right well it's almost five o'clock
let's all just have some fun okay what
game are you playing
we're having a dunk contest
on the computer yeah it's a lot of fun I
want our first contest but Jeff is
winning this one let me try what do I do
Rita our contest isn't over yet maybe
you should watch Jeff first then we'll
teach you okay
well alright I'll watch you play
I'm always Josh Smith for our dunk
contest he plays for the Atlanta Hawks
he won the NBA dunk contest
this year he dunks really well but his
team is bad that's true
the Hawks aren't very good show me how
to dunk okay watch me that looks easy
let me try wow you're good breeder
Thanks Oh Rita you beat us again you
learned how to dunk really quickly I
guess I'm just a great dunker well
you're good at dunking on the computer
anyone can dunk on the computer let's
have a real dunk contest count us in a
dunk contest with a real basketball I
don't know
[Applause]
Rita I can't believe you're winning you
two keep giving her points
that's why she's winning she's winning
because she's good
how can she be so good she's miss
Michael Jordan Jeff do you remember what
happened last year what are you talking
about you and Scott lost a game last
year don't you remember what happened
death and Scott loss to live and Mandy
who is Mandy Amber's best friend she
shoots the ball really well Jeff you
lost to two girls well you're using to a
girl right now I can still win I have
one more dunk I just need to make this
[Applause]
for table and comfortable okay we have
they th they they need to buy a new
table they need to buy a new table they
need to buy a new table on this one we
have there the sofa is really
comfortable
the sofa is really comfortable for read
and read ready
my mom's keen on reading books that keen
on that means like okay I love my mom's
keen on reading books we are talking
about now like she lies reading books
that is about the present so we say read
okay
my mum's keen on reading books I have
just read your email
have read that means past participial
the present perfect right so we say read
I have just read your email
this one ready are you ready to go are
you ready to go or you can say are you
ready - are you are you ready to go are
you ready to go and for sort and Resort
what sort of music do you like that
means what kind of music do you like or
what type of music do you like
what sort of you can link them together
sorter what sort of music do you like
you can say it's sorter but remember T
that is not stressed we pronounce as
soft D okay the sort of what sort of
music do you like
for resort I want to you can say I want
it I want to stay stay
enough link them together the inner
seaside resort a seaside resort that
means a resort that is near the sea okay
I want to stay in a seaside resort or
Surrey resort I want to stay in a
seaside resort for Phase Facebook and
surface your sister remember sis your
sister has a beautiful face your sister
has a beautiful face do you use Facebook
do you use Facebook look at you can say
look at all look Kurt for the for the
weak form okay look at look at there
look at the road surface look at the
road surface now again have behaves I
have three pens and five pencils we love
the way she behaves we love the way she
behaves table comfortable they they need
to buy a new table they need to buy a
new table the sulfur is really
comfortable the silver is really
comfortable my mum's keen on reading
books
my mom is keen on reading books I have
just read your email I have just read
your email
are you ready to go are you ready to go
what sort what sort of music do you like
what's that music do you like I want to
stay in a seaside resort I want to stay
in a seaside resort your sister sorry
face Facebook and surface your sister
has a beautiful face your sister has a
beautiful face cysts remember sister do
you use Facebook do you use Facebook
look at their root surface look at the
root surface